Update text for Big O constant irrelevance (#30182)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/computer_science/time_complexity.md

}
```

Not much of a change, but this time we increase `currentNumber` by 2. How does this affect our algorithm runtime? Well, for an input of `n`, the number of steps is approximately half as we iterate by 2 each time. This is an algorithm of `O(N/2)` but as I've mentioned earlier, we are not trying to get the exact time, but rather how does it grow. Big O doesn't concern itself with constants because they aren't relative to how an algorithm scales as the input changes and it wouldn't be fun or easy to have to compare an algorithm of `O(N/2 + 5 N)` against `O(N + 5 / 2N)`. Therefore, the Big O efficiency of both algorithms is `O(N)`. They scale at the same rate as the input grows.

> Another way to look at it is that constant eventually becomes irrelevant. Take the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to look at it is that constants eventually become irrelevant. Take the following:
```

N=1, O(10N) = 10, O(n&#178;) = 1

N = 5, O(10N) = 50, O(n&#178;) = 25

N = 100, O(10N) = 1,000, O(n&#178;) = 10,000 *10x bigger*

N = 1000, O(10N) = 10,000, O(n&#178;) = 1,000,000 *100x bigger*

N = 10000, O(10N) = 100,000, O(n&#178;) = 100,000,000 *1000x bigger*

> Therefore, O(100N) is faster than O(n&#178;) but practically speaking, sometimes things that are n&#178; are faster than N for some small set of input as you can see in first two examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, O(100N) is faster than O(n&#178;) but practically speaking, sometimes things that are n&#178; are faster than N for some small set of input as you can see in first two examples.
```

This is a bit confusing given what your table of information is saying. I would maybe change it to something like:

> Therefore, O(10N) is faster than O(n&#178;) with an N of 100. Practically speaking, sometimes an n&#178; algorithm is faster than an N algorithm for some small set of inputs, which can be seen in the first two examples above.
